Update boskos readme to include request for more cpu quota (#1087)
knative/test-infra: ci/prow_setup.md

1. Run `make update-boskos-config` to update the Boskos config.

1. Increase the compute CPU quota for the project to 200. Go to
   `https://pantheon.corp.google.com/iam-admin/quotas?project=<project_name>&service=compute.googleapis.com&metric=CPUs`

>    and click `Edit Quota`. This needs to be done manually and should be

Reviewer: I clicked on `Edit Quota` in knative-boskos-01, and it asked `Select one or more quotas to edit.`

Author: you need to select the box next to it and then click on edit quota

Reviewer: there are 20 boxes, each one represents different regions, I think we need to at least request quota for `us-central1`, `us-west1`, and `us-east1`

Author: up[dated to increase for 5 regions as we might run perf tests in 5 regions :)

1. Run `make update-boskos-config` to update the Boskos config.

1. Increase the compute CPU quota for the project to 200. Go to

>    `https://pantheon.corp.google.com/iam-admin/quotas?project=<project_name>&service=compute.googleapis.com&metric=CPUs`

Reviewer 2: Please use console.cloud.

>    and click `Edit Quota`. Select atleast five regions to increase the quota

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   and click `Edit Quota`. Select at least five regions to increase the quota
```

   (`us-central1, us-west1, us-east1, europe-west1, asia-east1`). This needs
   to be done manually and should be automatically approved once the request

>    is submitted. The request asks for a phone number and a reason. You can

Reviewer 2: Replace the last two sentences with the suggested reason only.

Reviewer 2: You did not address this.

Reviewer 2: Resolved in https://github.com/knative/test-infra/pull/1098
